=head1 NAME

WebService::Lancers

=head1 NOTICE

This modules is UNOFFICIAL, released as ALPHA version.
Please use this under the SELF-RESPONSIBILITY ;)

Your feedback is highly appreciated.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::Lancers;
  
  my $c = WebService::Lancers->new();
  
  # Request works
  my $response = $c->fetch_work( keyword => 'perl' );
  
  # Print each works title
  while ( my $work = $response->next ){
        print $work->title . "(id:". $work->id .")\n";
        print $work->url."\n";
        print $work->date->strftime("%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S %z")."\n";
        print "\n";
  }

=head1 INSTALLATION (from GitHub)

  $ git clone git://github.com/mugifly/p5-WebService-Lancers.git
  $ cpanm ./p5-WebService-Lancers

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new ( [%params] )

Create an instance of WebService::Lancers.

=head3 %params (Optional) : 

=over 4

=item * ua : Any LWP::UserAgent object.

=back

=head2 fetch_work ( [%params] )

Fetch the works from Lancers web-site.

Then, return the WebService::Lancers::Response object.

=head2 useragent ( [$user_agent_object] )

Get or Set the UserAgent object (like the LWP::UserAgent).

=head2 last_request ()

Get the last request as the L<HTTP::Request> object.

=head2 last_response ()

Get the last request as the L<HTTP::Response> object.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<https://github.com/mugifly/p5-WebService-Lancers/>

L<Hash::AsObject>

L<LWP::UserAgent>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2013, Masanori Ohgita (http://ohgita.info/).

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
